=== 3.11.1 / 2024-08-22

* 4 bug fixes:

  * Deleted long dead (~2.0) code.
  * Fixed 2.7 (only?!) frozen string literal bug.
  * Modified 'rake run' task to regenerate more consistently.
  * Removed ancient Enumerable#chunk implementation.

=== 3.11.0 / 2023-09-28

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Added Page#link_head helper method to clean up <link...> tags

=== 3.10.8 / 2023-08-30

* 1 bug fix:

  * Fixed configuration of no_line_numbers for kramdown v2 changes

=== 3.10.7 / 2023-07-25

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Updated to use kramdown 2.x + kramdown-syntax-coderay + kramdown-parser-gfm.

=== 3.10.6 / 2023-05-04

* 1 bug fix:

  * Remove page from parent subpages if being moved via fix_subpages.

=== 3.10.5 / 2022-01-04

* 1 bug fix:

  * ruby 3.1: Fixed YAML.load issue with loading Time instances.

=== 3.10.4 / 2019-12-14

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Bumped rake dependency to < 15.

* 1 bug fix:

  * Fixed debug task to fail more gracefully when page not found. (kejadlen)

=== 3.10.3 / 2019-09-24

* 1 bug fix:

  * Fixed an ERB deprecation warning in ruby 2.6+.

=== 3.10.2 / 2018-03-16

* 5 bug fixes:

  * Argh! Fixed logic error in inherited config lookup.
  * Fix subpages after time pruning in categories.
  * Fixed Site#fix_subpages from duplicating pages. Now idempotent.
  * Fixed double-loading warnings from plugins if you're testing against local.
  * Fixed filtering of pre-dated pages. (thagomizer)

=== 3.10.1 / 2016-11-16

* 1 bug fix:

  * Added page path to unknown layout exception message. (thagomizer)

=== 3.10.0 / 2016-10-09

* 7 minor enhancements:

  * Added Page#stylesheet.
  * Added Zenweb::Config#key? and hooked into Page#method_missing for quieter checks.
  * Improved Site#method_missing to use Config#key? to allow nil values w/o warnings.
  * MonthlyPage and YearlyPage now put date in config as well.
  * Now ignores subdirs/subfiles that start with underscore (not just top level).
  * Page#[] uses Config#key? to be better about nil entries.
  * Site#layout will now raise if passed unknown layout name.

* 1 bug fix:

  * Markdown sitemap now sorts w/ case folded.

=== 3.9.0 / 2015-12-21

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Added Page#binary w/ Page#binary? alias.

* 2 bug fixes:

  * Only puts on output if not binary.
  * Only strip body content if not binary.

=== 3.8.0 / 2015-12-15

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Added woff2 to Site.binary_files

* 1 bug fix:

  * Bumped less to 2.0 family.

=== 3.7.2 / 2015-10-26

* 1 bug fix:

  * Fixed kramdown dep to 1.4+ family.

=== 3.7.1 / 2015-01-07

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * rake new_page/post now includes series and tags headers.

=== 3.7.0 / 2014-12-12

* 8 minor enhancements:

  * Added Page#series_page.
  * Added Page#tag_pages.
  * Added SeriesPage::all and made instances register themselves automatically.
  * Added Site#html_page_map(&mapfn) to return a list of pages from mapfn.
  * Added Site#link_list(&mapfn) to return a list of html links from mapfn.
  * Added TagDetail::all and made instances register themselves automatically.
  * Removed SeriesPage::generate in farvor of plain new/initialize.
  * Removed TagDetail::generate in favor of plain new/initialize.

* 2 bug fixes:

  * Fixed unfortunate typo.
  * Replaced tag_list with tag_pages. Design bug made while coding stupid.

=== 3.6.0 / 2014-12-09

* 12 minor enhancements:

  * Add debugging help when config blows on bad yaml.
  * Added Enumerable#multi_group_by
  * Added GeneratedIndex subclass of FakePage.
  * Added Page#all_subpages_by_level that returns all subpages paired with their depth.
  * Added Page#tag_list.
  * Added TagIndex, TagDetail, MonthlyPage, YearlyPage, SeriesPage
  * Extended Page#dated_path? to include yearly/monthly index pages.
  * Page#all_subpages now partitioned by #dated_path?
  * Page#all_subpages takes a reversed arg to reverse (only) dated pages.
  * Page#dated_path? now returns true for yearly/monthly index.html pages.
  * Page#sitemap now takes a demote arg in case your subpages are N levels deep.
  * Page#sitemap reverse-sorts dated pages.

* 3 bug fixes:

  * Fixed Site#fix_subpages to index via url, not path, so virtual pages work.
  * Page#all_subpages incorrectly filtered out no_index pages. All means all.
  * Site#fix_subpages no longer reverse sorts... that's someone else's job.

=== 3.5.0 / 2014-06-17

* 3 minor enhancements:

  * Added Page#no_index?
  * Markdown's sitemap excludes any #no_index? page.
  * Page#all_subpages excludes #no_index? pages.

=== 3.4.0 / 2014-03-24

* 4 minor enhancements:

  * Added FakePage to make synthesizing pages easier.
  * Added task :virtual_pages and called during scan phase. Add virtual pages in your Rakefile!
  * Markdown sitemap can now toggle it's subsection's dated titles.
  * Modified config to be more resilient to non-file pages. Grabs content directly from page when passed one.

=== 3.3.1 / 2013-12-13

* 1 bug fix:

  * Removed gem activation for rake. Plays better w/ stdlib rake.

=== 3.3.0 / 2013-10-24

* 2 minor enhancements:

  * Added scheme and elisp extensions to coderay. (just aliass for clojure right now)
  * Updated to kramdown 1.x.

=== 3.2.0 / 2013-08-19

* 3 minor enhancements:

  * Added Page#stale?
  * Added Site#stale? and Site#stale_pages.
  * Added stale rake task

=== 3.1.1 / 2013-04-18

* 1 bug fix:

  * Fixed description on new_page task. (tenderlove)

=== 3.1.0 / 2013-02-22

* 4 minor enhancements:

  * Added Site.binary_files so you can register extra binary file extensions.
  * Added Site.text_files so you can register extra text file extensions.
  * Updated to use rake 0.9 or 10.
  * markdown: Added new config no_line_numbers to control coderay's formatting.

* 1 bug fix:

  * 2.0: Default is now UTF-8, so treat UTF_BOM as binary explicitly

=== 3.0.0 / 2012-11-03

* 1 major enhancement:

  * Added ability to run extend_<filetype> so plugins can directly extend pages based on type.

* 10 minor enhancements:

  * #sitemap no longer takes a pages arg. It does too much already.
  * 1.8: Added Enumerable#chunk
  * Added Array#deep_each.
  * Added Page#date_str ... prolly needs more love.
  * Markdown helper now extends Page instances with MarkdownHelpers.
  * Moved all markdown methods into MarkdownHelpers. No more infection of Page.
  * Page#analytics now calls both and is smart about it.
  * Refactored analytics and split into google_analytics and gauges_analytics.
  * Removed example analytics include now that it is pushed up to the lib.
  * Rewrote markdown #sitemap so that it is non-recursive and works across non-markdown pages.

* 1 bug fix:

  * Force html entities to be symbolic. WTF kramdown? Different output on 1.8 and 1.9??

=== 3.0.0.b5 / 2012-08-21

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Added DATE=today and tomorrow support for new_post

* 2 bug fixes:

  * Cache value in website factory method so we don't get double-renders
  * Fixed isolate setup for example site

=== 3.0.0.b4 / 2012-07-16

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Rake.application.rake_require is stupid. Add zenweb/tasks.rb to fix.

* 2 bug fixes:

  * Fixed test_zenweb_extensions so tests pass in any timezone. (tamc)
  * rake and makerakeworkwell shouldn't be developer dependencies

=== 3.0.0.b3 / 2012-06-22

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Rake helper #new_file can now be passed a time instance for date arg

=== 3.0.0.b2 / 2012-06-11

* 2 minor enhancements:

  * Added Page#change_frequency
  * Added ability to specify DIR and DATE for new_post and new_page tasks

=== 3.0.0.b1 / 2012-05-25

* 1 major enhancement:

  * Complete Rewrite! Not backwards compatible at all! Clean! Pretty! Woot!

=== 2.18.1 / 2009-06-23

* 1 minor enhancement:

  * Switched to minitest

* 1 bug fix:

  * HAHA! 1.9 fixes!

=== 2.18.0 / 2009-06-23

* 1 major enhancement:

  * Transitioned to hoe layout. FIVE YEARS since this was last released!

* 28 minor enhancements

  * Added CalendarRenderer.
  * Added FileAttachmentRenderer.
  * Added TemplateRenderer. Might not work w/o other files tho... But readable. :)
  * Added colon to the allowed filename regex.
  * Added escape param to include method, defaulting to false.
  * Added metadata: head_extra, naked_page, skip_subpages
  * Added new syntax for automatic div and table markup.
  * Added ordered HTML list support with the "=" delimiter
  * Added several tests.
  * Added style handlers to the HtmlTableRenderer for pretty markup
  * Big push towards HTML 4.0 Strict compliance.
  * Clarified what classes must not modify regular input in a test.
  * Cleaned TextToHtmlRenderer by switching to a case for most stuff.
  * Cleaned and fixed tests.
  * Cleaned up FileAttachmentRenderer using new scan_region.
  * Cleaned up all render tests to go directly against renderer.
  * Enhanced GenericRenderer.scan_region to make it much easier for developers.
  * Enhanced HtmlTableRenderer to be more customizable.
  * Extended GenericRenderer#scan_region to pass the context to the yield block.
  * Lots of work in tests to make cleaner/better.
  * Made tests a TON faster (2x) by removing most calls to renderContent.
  * Modified RubyCodeRenderer to use <ruby> tags instead of ! lines.
  * Revamped a number of tests.
  * Switched HtmlTableRenderer to scan by line, not by paragraph.
  * Workaround added until a bug is fixed in ruby (should be in 1.8.2). This speeds up ZenWeb by 50% on my website. (HAHA!)
  * head_extra allows you to inject into the header (for JS mostly).
  * naked_page turns off nearly all of the page template.
  * skip_subpages turns off subpage injection.

* 10 bug fixes

  * Couldn't call parent on the top page.
  * Fixed a bug in HtmlTableRenderer when a paragraph butts up against it. 
  * Fixed a bug in the doco.
  * Fixed a problem where files with dashes in their names were rejected.
  * Fixed a validation issue w/ divs inside tables.
  * Fixed includes in makefile. Improved pre-test syntax checks.
  * Fixed scan_region so it preserves all whitespace as-is.
  * Fixed some HTML issues and a bug accidentally merging the event array
  * ICBM metadata was missing a newline.
  * TextToHtmlRenderer no longer wraps in P tags if it detects a block tag.

=== 2.17.0 / 2004-03-17

* 3 minor enhancements

  * Added FileAttachmentRenderer
  * Added ordered HTML list support with the "=" delimiter
  * Workaround added until a bug is fixed in ruby (should be in 1.8.2). This speeds up ZenWeb by 50% on my website.

* 1 bug fixes

  * Couldn't call parent on the top page.

=== 2.16.0 / 2004-02-26

* 11 minor enhancements

  * Added HtmlTableRenderer and tests.
  * Added ZenWebsite, creates Makefile, and data dir with minimal site.
  * Added better debugging output for undefined metadata variable access.
  * Added caching of eval'd strings in MetadataRenderer.
  * Added displayBadMetadata method that reports bad metadata access and stale definitions.
  * Added the apache rule to Makefile and ZenWebpage.rb.
  * Added the start of a FAQ to the demo pages.
  * Added two helper methods link and img, to clean up metadata files.
  * Extended ZenWebpage to include creating generic Makefiles.
  * Lots of cleanup and (minor) optimization in the renderers.
  * MetadataRenderer.include now properly does relative paths.

* 15 bug fixes

  * Added RUBYFLAGS to Makefile.
  * Added a new metatag 'style' to ZenWeb for short CSS snippets.
  * Added geourl metadata
  * Changes for 1.8 version of Test::Unit
  * Clarified some documentation, esp in quickstart.
  * Cleaned the documentation quite a bit using new metadata debugging.
  * Fixed shutupwhile for ruby 1.8.0 with Matz's help.
  * Fixed stupid Test::Unit breakage.
  * Minor test refactoring.
  * Renamed demo to docs to clear up user confusion.
  * Retired zentestrunner.
  * RubyCodeRenderer updated for changes to xmp. Less fragile now.
  * Updated version.
  * ZenWeb.rb will use "html" if source dir is "data".
  * make install now sets permissions on scripts.

=== 2.15.0 / 2003-02-04

* 2 minor enhancements

  * Added MetadataRenderer.include and tests. I can finally render my documentation online without duplicating it in my source tree!
  * 'force' = true as a metadata variable forces page rebuild. Good for includes.

* 4 bug fixes

  * Massively revamped the history file to work w/in ZenWeb.
  * Enhanced html list tests to ensure it worked at many levels.
  * Hash to DL conversion now (finally!) preserves order.
  * Moved run_all_tests_with into zentestrunner.rb.

=== 2.14.1 / 2002-10-06

* 2 bug fixes

  * RelativeRenderer was busted w/ '#location' urls.
  * tests using 'touch' didn't work on some linux distros.

=== 2.14.0 / 2002-09-28

* 1 minor enhancement

  * <EM>Added many tests to bring it to ZenTest 1.0 compliancy.</EM>

* 4 bug fixes

  * Renamed ZenTest to ZenTestCase.
  * ZenDocument#addSubpage tests the type and throws if bad.
  * CompositeRenderer#addRenderer checks the types.
  * StupidRenderer wasn't compliant to the new GenericRenderer API.

=== 2.14.0 / 2002-09-28

* 1 minor enhancement

  * Added many tests to bring it to ZenTest 1.0 compliancy.

* 4 bug fixes

  * Renamed ZenTest to ZenTestCase.
  * ZenDocument#addSubpage tests the type and throws if bad.
  * CompositeRenderer#addRenderer checks the types.
  * StupidRenderer wasn't compliant to the new GenericRenderer API.

=== 2.13.1 / 2002-09-02

* 2 bug fixes

  * Fixed a big rendering bug. It escaped my tests because of a race condition.
  * Added optional charset variable to HtmlTemplateRenderer.

=== 2.13.0 / 2002-08-31

* 2 major enhancements

  * Architectural change: render methods now take and return a single string.
  * Reduced runtime by about 20%.

* 4 minor enhancements

  * Fixed use of regular expressions that caused incompatibilities between 1.6.4, 1.6.7, and 1.7.2. Needs testing.
  * Modified RelativeRenderer to NoOp if ruby < 1.6.7.
  * Updated sitemaps now cause re-rendering of entire site. (disabled-minor bug)
  * Added GenericRenderer#result

* 5 bug fixes

  * Moved several documents to design directory. Updated manifest.
  * Moved ZenDocument#createList and createHash to ZenWeb/TextToHtmlRenderer.
  * Stripped out old profiling code.
  * Removed all existing warnings from ruby 1.7.2
  * (Re)Moved dependencies for renderers in ZenWeb.rb.

=== 2.12.1 / 2002-08-29

* 1 bug fix

  * Added StupidRenderer, which is so stupid that I thought I'd list it as a bug instead of a minor enhancement. :) The cool thing is that this was written at a Seattle.rb meeting as a demo and it only took 20 seconds for the first iteration!

=== 2.12.0 / 2002-08-19

* 2 minor enhancements

  * Added TocRenderer code and tests. Using it in the demo as well...
  * Added Renderers page to demo.

* 3 bug fixes

  * Fixed some parsing errors when used w/ ruby 1.7. Tests clean in 1.6 and 1.7.
  * Moved TestMetadata in TestZenWeb and clumped the renderers together.
  * switched to RUBY variable in Makefile for testing in multiple versions.

=== 2.11.1 / 2002-08-16

* 1 bug fix

  * Wrote Customizing document for those who want to really tweak their site.

=== 2.11.0 / 2002-08-15

* 1 minor enhancement

  * ZenWeb.rb: Split out all renderers into separate files and modified renderer instantiation to ensure they are loaded dynamically.

* 3 bug fixes

  * TestZenWeb: got to work w/ new split structure.
  * demo: added (mostly empty) customizing page.
  * Makefile: added requirements checker and massive improvements to install.

=== 2.10.0 / 2002-08-13

* 4 minor enhancements

  * Overhauled demo pages. Documented special variables and much more.
  * Extended ZenWebpage.rb to deal w/ metadata.txt and SiteMap files.
  * Added demo/Presentation.
  * Added heirarchy.png and .tgif.

* 4 bug fixes

  * Deleted design.obj and objectmodel.obj in favor of heirarchy.tgif.
  * Fixed version number, I had kept and released a mislabeled beta by accident.
  * Improved banner to point to zenspider.com.
  * Updated Manifest.txt, no more stale stuff.

=== 2.9.1 / 2002-08-11

* 2 bug fixes

  * Fixed REQUIREMENTS.txt (minor).
  * Fixed SiteMapRenderer indentation for ~user sites.

=== 2.9.0 / 2002-08-06

* 2 minor enhancements

  * Added RelativeRenderer to convert urls to relative where possible.
  * Improved tests and test content.

=== 2.8.1 / 2002-08-03

* 3 bug fixes

  * Removed "mailto:" from MADE metadata to have anti-spam links.
  * Allow for a backslashed colon to prevent automatic url conversion.
  * Fixed demo and overhauled it's documentation.

=== 2.8.0 / 2002-05-29

* 2 minor enhancements

  * Added ruby code interpolation in MetadataRenderer
  * Cut (wallclock) runtime for large sites by 50%. ~25% for smaller sites.

* 4 bug fixes

  * Added a INSTALL section to the readme.
  * Got rid of extra xxx test directory and fixed tests.
  * Added ZenWebsite.banner method and switched to it in cmdline tools and tests.
  * Improved metadata usage documentation.

=== 2.7.4 / 2002-05-17

* 4 bug fixes

  * Added a 'demo' rule to the makefile.
  * Added a requirements section to the readme.
  * Modified incremental build tests to be much faster. Requires 'touch'.
  * demo/... Updated old python based demo ... oops.

=== 2.7.3 / 2002-05-14

* 3 bug fixes

  * Implemented test_load, test_loadFromDirectory, test_renderContent_foot.
  * Added -I. to Makefile invocation of tests.
  * Deleted Metadata#save and corresponding test. Yeah! Less code!

=== 2.7.2 / 2002-04-07

* 2 bug fixes

  * Updated to use Test::Unit instead of deprecated RUNIT.
  * Fixed all tests. Clean run!

=== 2.7.1 / 2002-04-07

* 1 bug fix

  * Synced version to new revisionist history version number.

NOTE: all versions below this line are essentially a revisionist history.

=== 2.7.0 / 2002-03-31

* 2 major enhancements

  * Fixed RubyCodeRenderer!!!! (sorta)
  * Added ZenWebpage.rb

=== 2.6.1 / 2002-01-19

* 1 bug fix

  * Allowed #\{ to prevent interpolation. Helps w/ Ruby quickref.

=== 2.6.0 / 2001-08-24

* 2 major enhancements

  * Extended to be able to do incremental builds.
  * Tool is damn cool now!

* 2 minor enhancements

  * Improved unit tests for incremental builds.
  * Profiled to enhance small changesets in incremental builds.

=== 2.5.0 / 2001-08-07

* 3 minor enhancements

  * Tests exit w/ test result count.
  * TestZenWeb.rb: Improved tests. started working on differential build 
  *   tests.
  * ZenWeb.rb: Stubbed newerThanTarget. Sorted some stuff for testing.

=== 2.4.0 / 2001-04-14

* 3 minor enhancements

  * Added CompositeRenderer and StandardRenderer to make life easier.
  * Added test for navbar generation.
  * Added tilde test files.

* 1 bug fix

  * Removed a redundant refactor tag by renaming to refactee.

=== 2.3.0 / 2001-03-30

* 1 major enhancement

  * Added tweak to make tilde sites work correctly.

* 2 minor enhancements

  * Added test for tilde sites.
  * Added Makefile

* 1 bug fix

  * Fixed some docs.

=== 2.2.1 / 2001-03-08

* 3 bug fixes

  * Fixed renderer list.
  * Added accessor for testing. Cleaned some html.
  * Wrote tests for generic renderer.

=== 2.2.0 / 2001-03-07

* 12 minor enhancements

  * Added some refactored renderers to renderers list.
  * Fixed some tags. Refactored some renderers.
  * Added some tests for newly separated renderers.
  * Started cleaning up some of the little design things.
  * Knocked off several tags: cleanup, refactoring, and wrote tests.
  * Added a test for hash2html.
  * Fixed several failed tests.
  * Switched some accessors to only be defined during testing.
  * Switched TestZenWebsite to subclass ZenTest.
  * Added several tests. Fixed some.
  * Switched TestZenSiteMap to subclass TestZenDocument.
  * Added dictionary lists for testing.

* 2 bug fixes

  * Fixed Metadata#initialize.
  * Added tests for Metadata#initialize.

=== 2.1.0 / 2001-03-05

* 15 minor enhancements

  * (originally 2.0.0 - first time version was added)
  * Added ZenDocument#createHash as an analog to createList.
  * Added HtmlRenderer#hash2html
  * Added Text2HtmlRenderer extensions for dictionary lists.
  * Added tests for all new features, and some old ones.
  * Added content setter if testing.
  * Added tests for footer and header renderers.
  * Moved TESTING declaration to be global
  * Added TESTING variable for verbose-ness only when actually running.
  * Added test for non-existant renderers.
  * Added doctype.
  * Modified how banner is used to make it look much better.
  * Modified TextToHTMLRenderer to re-split lines more properly.
  * Started to add RubyCodeRenderer, but am having problems w/ it.
  * Added tons 'o docs.

* 1 bug fix

  * Corrected date

=== 2.0.1 / 2001-02-13

* 2 minor enhancements

  * Added design docs
  * Added a test suite

=== 2.0.0 / 2001-02-13

* 1 major enhancement

  * First fully working version in Ruby.

=== 2.0.0 alpha / 2001-01-29

* 1 major enhancement

  * Started ruby project.
